- your first training flight yay okay
okay
shooting shooting shooting kablooey
shooting more shooting and and and it's
it's dead another I oh you're going down
son you're going
I'm ready
all right here we go I'm the I'm a
Japanese soldier plane flyer person and
they're gonna shoot some commies down or
something like that all right I got this
piece of I'm not ready for this
I am NOT ready for this oh my god
that turned out better than expected all
right round two round two got this good
we got this this time when you're gonna
you're gonna destroy everything yeah
take that tanks I don't need you I don't
need son of a okay oh I'm gonna play
that now okay well I will destroy you
get back here you mother I can't speak
your name come on there we go yeah oh
yeah
you I will take you out to dinner and I
won't pay because I'm like that get back
here
get I can pull up that's got this we got
we got we got this we're gonna not gonna
crash but we're gonna shoot and kill
things all right I'm too far away I'll
be closer soon hopefully yes all right
guys get back here you mother oh don't
you stall on me why why are you doing
that you're making this a lot harder
than it should be
I just have to come on pull up oh oh oh
toran I don't like you all right round
17 get this guy you have overheated shut
up I got this oh you know play that game
again I will take you out
you got I'm all Scott you you're hung up
what I count that as a win I count that
as a win I don't care yeah Wow um that
is a World of Warplanes I hope you
enjoyed this video um it wasn't really
that funny but if you thought it was
funny
leave a like if you thought this game
looks fun then click on the link below
it's absolutely free and I hope to see
you guys out in the airfield